chore: Tweak compatibility matrix, and update dependencies (#251)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tls: README.md

## Compatibility

> Compatibility table between this provider, the [Registry Protocol](https://www.terraform.io/internals/provider-registry-protocol)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compatibility table between this provider, the [Terraform Plugin Protocol](https://terraform.io/plugin/how-terraform-works#terraform-plugin-protocol)
```
